docs(aws): Update AWS image retention policy (#253)
canonical/ubuntu-cloud-docs: aws/aws-explanation/ec2-image-retention-policy.rst

Ubuntu images on AWS have three stage of life cycle : *release* > *deprecation* > *deletion*. 

> Whenever a new image is built and released to AWS, all the previous serials for that image are deprecated except for the last 3. A deprecated image is not visible on the AWS console, but it can still be launched from the `AWS CLI`_ using its AMI ID. You can also find and view details of deprecated images using the AWS CLI `describe-images`_ command by including the ``--include-deprecated`` flag. Unlike deprecated images, private images are not available to use and invisible to describe-images. This step of marking an image private is reserved for AMIs that go unused and have been long since replaced by newer images.

Reviewer: Can we add a bit more explanation about private images - what are they used for? Maybe something like:
 
```suggestion
Whenever a new image is built and released to AWS, all the previous serials for that image are deprecated except for the last 3. A deprecated image is not visible on the AWS console, but it can still be launched from the `AWS CLI`_ using its AMI ID. You can also find and view details of deprecated images using the AWS CLI `describe-images`_ command by including the ``--include-deprecated`` flag.

Apart from these three stages, some AMIs also become *private*. AMIs that go unused and have long since been replaced by newer images are marked as private. This is done so that ......  Unlike deprecated images, private images are not available for use and are invisible to the ``describe-images`` command. 
```
Also add something about when they get deprecated / deleted. That part is not clear from the table.

> This policy determines when an image will be deleted. Deleted images are no longer accessible for use, but instances already launched with those images will not be affected.

Reviewer: Maybe we should move this statement into the beginning of the next section (Image retention policy).

Ubuntu images on AWS have three stage of life cycle : *release* > *deprecation* > *deletion*. 

Whenever a new image is built and released to AWS, all the previous serials for that image are deprecated except for the last 3. A deprecated image is not visible on the AWS console, but it can still be launched from the `AWS CLI`_ using its AMI ID. You can also find and view details of deprecated images using the AWS CLI `describe-images`_ command by including the ``--include-deprecated`` flag.

> Apart from these three stages, some AMIs also become *private*. AMIs that go unused and have long since been replaced by newer images are marked as private. This is done so that we can reduce the overhead in searching for relevant AMIs in the console or with awscli. Unlike deprecated images, private images are not available for use and are invisible to the ``describe-images`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from these three stages, some AMIs also become *private*. AMIs that go unused and have long since been replaced by newer images are marked as private. This is done so that we can reduce the overhead in searching for relevant AMIs in the console or with AWS CLI. Unlike deprecated images, private images are not available for use and are invisible to the ``describe-images`` command. So from the user's perspective, they are functionally equivalent to deleted images.
```

where:
  - **EOL** refers to when an interim Ubuntu release (for example, Lunar Lobster 23.04) has reached end-of-life `and will no longer enjoy support <https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle/>`_, or when EKS is `no longer supported by AWS`_.
  - **EOSS** refers to when an LTS Ubuntu release (for example, Bionic Beaver 18.04 LTS) has reached "End of Standard Support" but will remain supported under Ubuntu Pro

>   - **Unlaunched** refers to AMIs that are older than 6 months and have never been launched

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Unlaunched** refers to AMIs that are older than 6 months and have never been launched by any AWS user
```
